ITC_110_prog3

1.	Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?
They reduce the need to repeat yourself and they make you code more efficient and readable.

2.	When does the code in a function execute: when the function is defined or when the function is called?
When it is called.
defining a function is what the programmer does when they write the program up, 
calling the function is what the computer does when it runs it.

3.	What statement creates a function?
def, it means define, define in this case means to make something new up.

4.	What is the difference between a function and a function call?
The function call is when the program is told to reference the function and use it.
The function itself is the block of code to be used by the function call.

5.	How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?
One global scope, as many local scopes as there are local variables in the progrtam

6.	What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?
They are dumped

7.	What is a return value? Can a return value be part of an expression?
The value spit out by a given program or chunk of code

8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?
None
	
8.	How can you force a variable in a function to refer to the global variable?
don't contain the thing, now it's in the global scope. 
now call the thing in a function. it'll pick it up from the global scope and use it

9.	What is the data type of None?
NoneType

10.	What does the import areallyourpetsnamederic statement do?
in takes something from one function and brings it over to another without haveing to make that things global first.

11.	If you had a function named bacon() in a module named spam, how would you call it after importing spam?
import spam

bacon()

12.	How can you prevent a program from crashing when it gets an error?
tell it to try and see if that value works,(the try clause)
give it something to do in the case the try fails (an except clause) 

14. What goes in the try clause? What goes in the except clause?
try is for things that might fail, an except clause is for what to do about it when it does.

